[SDO-2756] Clarify chtRegion param description (#105)
CloudHealth/helm: README.md

| Name                        | Description                                                                                       | Value                             |
|-----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| `apiToken`                  | Unique Customer API Token provided by CloudHealth                                                 | `""`                              |

> | `chtRegion`                 | CloudHealth Region provided by CloudHealth (CloudHealth region where customer is onboarded)       | `us-east-1`                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `chtRegion`                 | Region provided by CloudHealth (region where VMware Tanzu CloudHealth account is onboarded)       | `us-east-1`                       |
```
